G'day g'day, life is chugging along. University started back up and I don't know what to say about it. I think I'll write down my ideas for my game for my third year game design course. 

The basic pitch I have is: there's one feature that automatically makes games great, a grapple hook. And there's one feature that every great timeless game has, fishing. Ok, so why not mix the two. A grappling fishing rod. I'm imagining a game very similar to WEBFISHING but with more active activities that would allow for more skillful plays using the fishing rod. The great part about WEBFISHING is that it's a nice chill chatroom game in which you have a mutual activity that works as a decent ice breaker. The issue with WEBFISHING is that it only works for a very specific mood, you need to be down to just chill and chat. A game with a grappling hook would allow for people to mess around more and improve their skills, which is a thing that draws another type of gamer. Mastering the grappling hook wouldn't be required either since it'd work like WEBFISHING's progression system where you *can* go higher level than your current level would allow but you could also just grind until it's easier. 

There are two main things about the game I don't know are:
1. What will the world look like?
2. What will the fishing mini game look like?

Also, it needs to be a very accessible game to anyone with a keyboard. That's another great part to WEBFISHING's success. People are just playing the game on their laptop. Getting used to controlling a camera is one of gaming's biggest barriers for normal people when they just start out, much less learn how to use a grappling hook.

All good fishing minigames so far have all used only clicking, so it should be something like that. I'm thinking something where you need to time your clicks correctly, but that wouldn't work with some people's latency. Maybe something where you need to aim correctly? It'd make more sense with the grappling hook fishing rod. Maybe I make something like SUPER 3D BUBBLE BOWLS XTREME BEACH VACATION: PREPARE TO FRY EDITION? Where it has a wind and stuff on each throw, and you need to hit 3 throws on the fish. Bigger fish will be harder to catch since they'll be further away and you need a better rod to fire further. 
Ideally, it could be something you could do without thinking, though. Maybe you play something like geometry dash or another single button game. Maybe something like warioware? Each fish has a little single-button minigame for it?