Yesterday I cuddled and kissed someone for the first time. It was everything I expected and more! Being as touch-starved as I am it was one of the nicest experiences of my life. We watched a couple episodes of arcane while cuddling but most of the time we just either cuddled with chill music or to nothing at all. It was wonderful. With that being said, I feel less touch-need than before. I doubt that it's because my needs are fulfilled, more than my brain just accepting that touch isn't something as necessary. That doesn't mean much since it was literally just yesterday. Perhaps I'll feel an even more desperate need soon. I did it with someone suuper cool too, but I don't want to talk about other people here, just my personal experiences.

## Website progress

Anyway, my progress on the website has slowed considerably. Once again I am feeling the desperate hatred of web development. There's so much that needs to be done for such simple things, I wish I could just make a Godot project and upload it. In Godot everything makes so much sense. I'm thinking about just making the website out of basic HTML/CSS/JS instead of SvelteKit. There's a few reasons for this. My website JS skills are sorely lacking, even my HTML and CSS could use some brushing up on the more complex aspects or the available elements to me.

I'm not sure how to go about that, though. Perhaps some free interactive course like what Svelte had, but I didn't find that I learned much of anything even after going through the Svelte interactive tutorial until I actually just... started making the website. Maybe I'll make a website for tilde.town... I'm not sure what I should make, though. Actually, I'm just going to ask the town lmao. Be right back. While I was asking, before anyone answered, which no one did, I came to the realization I could just look at the tilde.town websites and see what other people had made. That's when I found this one near the top: https://tilde.town/~robert/ it's just some stupid shit about some pop star I assume. That's when I came to the realization I should make *this* the site that I put cool shit I like up on! First step, add both boop.pink and tilde.town to boop.cool.

Okay it’s later at night and I’m trying to sleep. I’ve come to the realisation that what I wrote this morning was demonstrably wrong. I can’t stop thinking about cuddling now and I feel more alone than ever.