Shit it has been a long fucking time since I've posted here. I did not mean that. Anyway, there's a lot to catch you up on, non-existent reader. I don't know why I ever thought anyone would care about me enough to read a fucking blog. My life is fucking nothing to anyone, and I have to scrape and claw every little morsel of care out of people by fucking hand. The only way I'll ever get people's attention is if I get fucking famous or something. Right now, no one gives two shits about me or what I care about, they don't have the time to. I don't blame them, or I try not to, I understand because it's so hard for me to give a shit about people as well unless I'm interested in them because they can give me something I want or I deeply respect them. 

Anyway, since no one's reading my fucking blog, I'm just going to say some more private stuff here. Yesterday morning I got broken up with, the first time I've been broken up with. (I still won't share names because I'm not a prick, hopefully) Overall, yesterday was a great fucking day, in no way because of the breakup but just because I got the new Hello Kitty game and played it with a switch. Then, I metup with my friend in town and we did some stuff. And to end off the day I played Stardew Valley with someone I'm interested in. Booyah, great day. It wasn't until the end of the day that it finally hit me when I told someone about it and I started crying. We were only together, or even really knew about each other, for like a month. So, I'm not feeling too bad about it much anymore. 

Anyway, I've been super busy. I got a *ton* of worked dumped on me this past Tuesday. I'm really upset right now. I had to half my other medication and my mood went crazy for a day, then I switched back to my old medication without consulting a doctor because fuck you I need medication and I'm already seeing a GP soon enough anyway. I don't know what else to say.

Oh yeah, I also quit the DBT group. It just made me feel worse. 
### Care for me

I wish someone would just fucking care about me and provide me enough attention that I didn't want to shoot myself all the time.

## Weight loss markstone

Today marks the day I've lost 10 kilos!! I'm indescribably happy about that! Now just another... Hmm... 60 to go? 50? Some large number. Anyway, I can comfortably say I'm losing weight now :3 
My self esteem is shooting through the roo