# Leaving for Japan
I'm currently in Auckland airport, waiting for my flight to Narita, Japan. The flight just got delayed by an hour, classic airports.

Aside from that, the flight to auckland was very smooth, aside from the fact we also missed it due to an... incident that I won't go into.

Also, I forgot the neck pillow that my grandpa gave me, which is really unfortunate.

I'll report in more once I have more news!

Now it's two hours delay...

Aand now it's a three hour delay.

On hour... something like 8 of the flight now, maybe longer. There's an hour left and my body hurts so much for having sat down continuously this long. 


I have arrived in Japan!
I want to document my feeling really quickly before they fade. It’s a surreal experience. I grew up as a young adolescent with anime but have weened off of it over the past few years, to the point I don’t watch it anymore and haven’t for a long while. 

With that perspective, I am having a surreal unreal real experience. It’s hard to describe. At first, it was the little things like the clothes people wear. And even now I’m getting more small details like the prominence of jet-black hair. But it’s also the big things.  The architecture, the way trains are setup, the layout of everything. Every detail is just hitting me in this wave of something akin to, but not quite, déjà vu.

Pictures to come soon! I plan on getting settled in first, I have that luxury thanks to my long stay here.

Also, it’s remarkably stinky.
Also, the escalators are really skinny.

