G'day g'day! I've been a busy little beaver. I've setup over 10 different social media (I did this like a week ago idk if I mentioned it) and I've already made two different posts. The first one was for updating my website, and the second one is for the game jam I participated in.

## PB & Game Jam
I did the PB & Jam 2025, I also did last year's one as well, but this year's was *much* better. I don't know what to say about it. Go checkout our game [here](https://games-for-people.itch.io/scapegoats)! I'm super proud of how it turned out. I wasn't available for most of the first day unfortunately, but I was there for the whole second day and got a *ton* done. It was a good time and another thing to shove on my portfolio. I even learned some things about Godot like how to use Tweens!

## Website Update
Before the game jam I updated my website! I'm super proud of the cool little interactions it has where you can drag the things around. It doesn't work the best on mobile, maybe I should make a second version just for mobile... It's currently fine on mobile so I'll probably leave it. I think I'd like to update how it looks, maybe add a repeating background image and some more for different boxes, but for now it's good enough.

## Making Many Socials
I made a *lot* of social media accounts. You can see them all on my main website which is linked on the front page of this blog! Or click [here](https://boop.website). I did this because I want to pick up traction. I've also made a Patreon account which you can sign up to! I hope people eventually think I'm cool enough to sign up for some behind-the-scenes stuff to see what I'm working on.
Originally, I didn't have Threads or Patreon on there, I added them in... the day before yesterday, I think. You can check the git history yourself. My old website is still listed [here](https://old-boop.pages.dev). You can even see my wayyy old website [here](https://boop.pages.dev). 

Time to get back to making a rendering engine... Oh yeah, I'm also trying to use neovim as my editor now, it's not going well...