This Monday (3rd) I got diagnosed with ADHD (and probably anxiety), I was going to write about it but I wasn't sure what to write. Since then, I've started vyvanse and oh my fucking god it is wonderful. Every morning I'm waking up at 6am and take it, an hour later I just... get to work. It works magically. The only thing is I feel like shit in the evenings since I just can't seem to do anything, it's painful. Only once did I manage to get stuck into work and I think that was because I took great pains to get started while the drug was still affecting me and it carried through even after it wore off (it lasts 11 hours or so, although it feels like it's only lasting me 9). 

I don't think I'm getting enough of it, though. My brain is still super scattered and all over the place. Also, I *cannot* tell for the life of me when it's affecting me and when it's not. I wrote some notes down about how poorly it was working on me in the evening and then the next day in the morning I scrapped all of that because it's obviously doing *something*. And it's certainly doing something good, I just don't think it's enough.

Also, yesterday I made a palettization shader in Unreal, before I was just using this [Adapt To Palette](https://godotshaders.com/shader/adapt-to-palette/) shader in Godot. It works magically and wonderfully, however it's very hard to make that in Unreal Engine. There are no arrays, no for loops, no nothing in the material graph. You can't sample through each pixel in a palette. So, you have to write custom HLSL. OH BUT WAIT, their HLSL doesn't allow that *basic* shit either. So, you have to make an array containing all of the colors from the palette. However, Lospec doesn't give you information that HLSL can understand. So, I had to make a hex file to HLSL transpiler so I can take Lospec palettes and manually put them into the shader. To do that, I made an Editor Utility Widget that takes in a hex file and passes it to the function that transpiles it. 

Anyway, it's one of those things I'm super proud of and immediately wanted to show off to everyone, but since my site still isn't up I can't use this as a release mechanism for that. So, I ended up messaging a friend about it instead of just feeling shit about myself like I normally do.

[I also put it up as a snippet for other people to use](https://dev.epicgames.com/community/snippets/Bd1x/unreal-engine-palettization-post-process-shader) :D 

I should add some images here of the shader at work...