I'm still very upset about what happened before. I believe I got over the breakup quickly because that same day I had someone in call and cried about it to them. That made me feel the feelings. However, I have not been able to do that with what happened with the other person, which I will not go into details about. To remind myself if I read this later and don't know what I'm talking about: bunny, guilt trip. 

With university I'm almost at the mid-trimester break. It's been pretty easy and past last week/the week before I have been searching for things to do.
## Vyvanse dosage increase
Today is the second day on 50mg of vyvanse per day. Holy cow, it is fucking amazing. Not that I feel anything still, but it's a good improvement over my issues I was having before. I've been able to focus more during lectures, and yesterday I did basically nothing but draw stickers! That's a vast overstatement of how much I did draw stickers but it's genuinely wonderful. It's genuinely been amazing and so helpful. 
# Estrogen!
I'm on estrogen now!! (And spironolactone) AKA HRT. Right now I'm on 50 micrograms/day estradiol patches, and 100mg Spiractin tablets. I change the patch twice a week (Monday, Thursday) and I take a tablet once every morning with my vyvanse. Just to have all my medication on this one page, I also take 10mg of Aripiprazole every night, that's not related to this though. Anyway, I hope to see some good changed in my body. You can research what the changes are yourself, but I have my personal hopes. The patches are increasing my estrogen levels, and the tablets are blocking my testosterone receptors so testosterone won't be affecting me as much. This shouldn't affect me for a few months at least, but I'm so happy to have started.

As a kid I was going to get puberty blockers, but I felt pressured out of it for a multitude of vague reasons, no one person is to blame. I sincerely wish I did, it would've made HRT and other gender-affirming healthcare much simpler and more effective, or so I believe that was the point of it. However, too late for that now.